In principle, this course is for students of Political Science and Diplomacy
This course is especially helpful for students who wish to 
enter the Graduate School of Law or want to learn the basic theory of Public Law. 
If there are a lot of students who want to take the course, 
we will give priority to the students of political science and diplomacy 
who took the LEET exam to enter the Graduate School of Law.
--------------
1. The choice of comparison as a method of study aims to accurately understand “what we are now” 
through differentiation and similarity.
Main purpose of this course is to understand the position of constitutionalism 
which places the Constitution and the rule of law at the center of political thinking and practice 
through the method of comparison . 
So in the class, we study several constitutional cases of the United States, Japan, and Germany.
(For example, the Marbury v. Madison case in the United States is important case 
to understand the judicial review system. 
And important example of understanding the private system, 
Discussion regarding Article 9 of the Constitution of Japan, which focuses on prohibiting 
the holding of the Navy and Air Force and other forces for international peace, 
and not acknowledging the right to engage in national engagement, provides an important 
starting point for discussions 
regarding the norm and constitution and the interpretation of the Constitution.)
This course will help you understand the concept of constitutionalism and the 
interrelationship between constitutionalism and democracy in terms of harmony and conflict.
2. Understanding the meaning of constitutionalism as a political student should not stop at 
knowing the concept of constitutionalism as ideology.
Knowing only the concept of constitutionalism without knowing what our 
constitutional order and what our rule of law have,
we only know the shell of constitutionalism.
Therefore, in this class, we will explain to students the basic theory of our 
Constitution and administrative law 
so that students can really understand the meaning of constitutionalism and the rule of law. 
In other words, through the basic theory of public law, I want to give an opportunity to 
understand the normative nature of studying law, 
for social science students who did not come into contact with the law, 
and give a chance to think over the law in the future as a career path as well. 
Regarding the Constitution, there would have had many opportunities to learn the theory of governance 
through other curriculum of existing political diplomacy.
Therefore, this class will focus on the basic theory of the Constitution, focusing on basic rights theory, 
and will also explain the basic theory of administrative law in order to examine the 
concrete aspects of the rule of law. 
The principle of administration is the fundamental value of our country's operations, 
so it is necessary to study the basic theory of administrative law.)
3. Our constitutional order is built through fierce struggle historically. 
It is the "image of our lives" with the distress of many people. I hope that through this class, 
students can understand that the law does not exist far away, but exists in our lives, 
and knowing the law gives us a good power in social life. I hope that the value of "law" is not a shield 
for the ruler's power and for the protection of the interests of certain groups, 
but a means to protect the freedom and human rights of the people and a way to realize freedom and equality.

----------------------
There are no prerequisites. However, the content of the 
class is an extension of the "Law and Politics" 
course which was held in the first semester of 2011 
and the first semester of 2012. 
This semester, we will focus on basic rights cases and 
current affairs that were not covered in law and politics. 
If you have taken the "Law and Politics" class, you are welcome 
to deepen and supplement the course content. 
Even students who have not taken this course will not have a problem with this class.
------------

This class consists of 1.lecture 2.discussion 3.assessment and exchange of opinions.
1. Basic knowledge will be delivered through my lecture. Classrooms are limited and there is a lot to teach, so there are no personal presentations and group projects.
2. Law is not in a textbook, but a picture of our lives. We will spend about 30 minutes every Friday 
discussing the legal issues of our lives. 
The discussion may be limited depending on the size of the students, 
but still, we will revitalize the discussion considering 
that this class is a major in political science and diplomacy. 
The discussion will also take place on the YSCEC bulletin board.
3. Students will have a chance to talk directly with me 
about the assignment. For an hour after class, 
I would like to have a discussion with several students. 
Also, I would like to provide an opportunity to talk about assignments, class content, and anything else.

---------------
Grading will include 1. Midterm and Final exams, 30% each, 2. Attendance 10%, 3. Discussion and class participation 10%, and 4.20% homework assignments.
1. The midterm and final exams will be a combination of multiple-choice and essay writing.
2. Attendance will be assessed by deducting two or more absences.
3. Discussion and class participation will be graded based on discussions and comments on topics that I present to YSCEC. I hope that discussions are active and that all students receive perfect marks in this area.
4. There are two assignments. The first task is a cover letter. 
Introducing your past and present and designing your future life goals. 

The second task is 
to write a speech on a specific issue assuming you are running for the presidential election 
of the Republic of Korea. 
In the second semester of 2012, there is presidential election. 
let's have a chance to think about what to think about as the leader of the Republic of Korea ourselves.
I will give a detailed explanation of the assignment in class.
-------------------
1. There is no designated textbook. I will post a summary to YSCEC on what I covered in class. 
It will be helpful for your review.
2. Concerning the Constitution and the Administrative Law, students should carefully review 
one of the textbooks in the market so that they can understand and follow the lessons.
3. You should find and read the full text of the Constitutional Court decision and court case 
I mention in class (see Constitutional Court, Supreme Court homepage).
4. We need to actively study the problems of reality not listed in the textbook. 
Encourage students to read Sisa Weeks (one of their favorites, such as Sisa IN, Hankyoreh 21, Weekly Chosun, and Weekly Trends).
5. I recommend [Constitution and the future, co-author Kang Won-taek, human love] on critical review based on legal thinking.
To understand the US Constitution, see The Federalist Papers / Alexander Hamilton,
John Jay, James Madision, Leading Constitutional Decisions, Robert F.
Cushman] and [History of the United States Constitution and Human Rights, Ho-Soon Jang, and Gae Won Plateau].
Concerning the relation between constitutionalism and democracy, and the meaning of constitutionalism [21st century constitutionalism and democracy, co-authored by Kim Young-min, human love], [Constitutional debate-democratic vs. constitutionalism, co-authored by Hasebeyasuo, translated by Kim Il-young], [Constitution, Lee Kuk-Woon, Book World] are recommended.
To understand the general theory of administrative law easily, I recommend [Introduction to new administrative law, Hong Jeong-sun, Park Young-sa], [General administrative law, Kim Seong-su, Hongmunsa].
After entering the Department of Political Science and Diplomacy at Yonsei University in 1994, I completed my bachelor's degree (studied for a year as an exchange student at West Virginia Wesleyan College, USA).
I am currently a research professor at Yonsei University School of Law.
I am very interested in the relations between the state and the people, and in particular, administrative work, welfare and human rights. I am selected as a human rights lecturer in the National Human Rights Commission of Korea. I believe that the important values of law and politics are the protection and expansion of human rights.
